chore: update contributing guide for maintenance and next versions (#4314)
algolia/instantsearch.js: CONTRIBUTING.md

To release a stable version, go on `master` (`git checkout master`) and use:

```sh
npm run release:prepare
```

> It will create a pull-request for next release. When it's reviewed, approved and merged, then CircleCI will automatically publish it to NPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will create a pull request for the next release. When it's reviewed, approved and merged, then CircleCI will automatically publish it to npm.
```

> ### Maintenance version (v3 or below)

Reviewer: Otherwise the contributing guide will get out of sync next major version.

```suggestion
### Maintenance versions
```

> For the maintenance version, go on a maintenance branch(e.g., `git checkout maintenance-v3`) and use:

Reviewer: Wdyt about removing the `maintenance-` prefix? I don't see any benefit of having it.

```suggestion
For the maintenance versions, go to a previous version branch (e.g., `git checkout v3`) and use:
```

```sh
npm run release:maintenance
```

_Make sure to use `npm run` instead of `yarn run` to avoid issues._

#### `next` version

> `next` version release is available on `next` branch. It is to release the next major version in beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`next` version release is available on the `next` branch. It is used to release the next major version in beta.
```

```sh
git checkout next
npm run release:prepare
```

> The script will ask you a question about the next version. If it's wrong, you can say "No" and put something like "7.0.0-beta.0". Then it will create a pull-request for that release. When the pull-request is merged, CircleCI will publish it to NPM with `--tag beta` option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will ask you a question about the next version. If it's wrong, you can say "No" and specify the version (e.g. "7.0.0-beta.0"). Then, it will open a pull request for that release. When the pull request is merged, CircleCI will publish it to npm with a `--tag beta` argument.
```

./scripts/release/build-experimental-typescript.js
```

To publish it manually, run:

```
npm publish --tag experimental-typescript
# or
yarn publish --no-git-tag-version --non-interactive --tag experimental-typescript
```

> _Note that this build will be automatically published along with stable version v4.x.x by Ship.js._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Note that this build will be automatically published along with the current stable version by Ship.js._
```
